{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14600\viewh12520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for downloading this package!\
\
How to use:\
	This package is intended to give and developer the ability to quickly and easily populate architectural scenes imported from other software. To populate your scene, simply drag and drop models from the Prefabs folder onto the floors/walls of your scene. You can also add materials to your floors and walls by drag and dropping materials form the Meshes/Floor+Walls/Materials folder onto the appropriate surfaces on your meshes. The package also includes floor and wall tiles which can be scaled and snapped together to make interiors within the Unity editor.\
\
Scaling:\
	All models are scaled correctly to be compatible with a 2 Unity-unit tall (2 meters) human character. Also, many of the props have their dimensions at the end their names, for instance: \'93Door_standard_1mby2.2m\'94 is 1 meter wide and 2.2 meters tall (x then y). The scale on most of these particular objects are the standard american dimensions for these items to make them easier to use in architectural scenes with standard measurements. \
\
Color:\
	Many of the objects colors can be altered using the following steps:\
1. Select the material applied to the object whose color you want to change\
2. Duplicate the material on that object and rename it appropriately\
3. Apply this material only to the object whose color you want to change\
4. Adjust the color swatch next to the Albedo texture slot to the color you want\
\
Graphics:\
	All the materials in this package use the standard shader and all texture are made for PBR with the \'93smoothness\'94 values stored in the alpha of the metallic textures (_met).\
	Please note that not all of the assets in this package are mobile ready, but the some are. This package was not intended to be mobile compatible.\
	The lighting and overall graphics quality is set to a very high quality, but you can easily adjust the graphics quality in the \'93QualitySettings\'94 menu (Edit-Project Settings-QualitySettings). Also note that all the lighting in the demo is realtime.\
\
If you found this package useful, please leave a review on the Asset Store.\
If you have any feedback, questions or suggestions please email me at: parker.blezek@gmail.com\
}